The filenames will be as given below

T C Eb readings.xls
T C Dg readings.xls
T C Water readings.xls
T C Gas Readings.xls

A.) All filenames start with a T (denotes tower) followed by a space and then a single alphabet - the alphabet denotes the tower - the mapping of the single alphabet to the tower is given below

tower_id,tower_name
A,Platinum
B,Titanium
C,Aurum
D,Argentum
E,Pearl
F,Crystal
G,Jade
H,Turquoise
J,Amethyst
K,Aquamarine
L,Opal
M,Sapphire
N,Ruby
P,Lakeside

B.) the word after the alphabet that denotes tower will denote the type of utility (Gas, Water, Diesel, Electricity etc.) - therefore, Eb stands for Electricity Dg stands for Diesel, Water stands for Water and Gas stands for Gas - store the utility type based on this description
only The data from the first sheet needs to be processed. The characteristics of the sheet1 is as follows:
C.) Cell and Row values:

	1.) Cell A1 contains Text - store the text in a varaible
	2.) The data in Row 2 is as follows:
		a.) Cell A2 = contains the text "Recorded Date/Time" - which denotes that the subsequent rows for that cell will contain date and time in "dd-mm-yyyy  hh:mm" format 
		b.) Cell B1 onwards contain the id of the flat - based on the tower_name that is derived based on the second alphabet in the filename, the value in the cell should be taken and the the value of given_flat_id should be derived - for e.g. if the cell value is "G001" and the filename is "T C Eb readings.xls" - then the derived given_flat_id should be AurumG001.
	3.) Row 3 will always be empty, so ignored the same
	4.) The data from 4th row onwards are the meter readings for the specific utility - the Value in A4 to A(N) (N denotes a number) will contain date and time in "dd-mm-yyyy hh:mm" format  - please note that there could be trailing spaces in the data that need to be trimmed to get the correct dd-mm-yyyy hh:mm values.
	4.) Each row for this cell will contain data for a 15 minute interval. So, Say A4 contains "12-01-2025 00:00:00" then the A5 cell should contain "12-01-2025 00:15:00" - if the Value in A5 is same as the value in A4, then ignore all the data in that row since it is a duplicate of the previous row. The same logic should be applied to all the rows - meaning if the previous row for that cell has the same value as the next cell, then that row should be ignored.
D.) The data in the rows should be consilidated as a single record which contains the valid starting reading for a specific day and the last reading for that day - please note that the data in the sheet will be spread across multiple days. These records should be output in the following format:
    
	Type_of_utility,given_flat_id,date,starting_reading,closing_reading
	
	If you have any questions before you start coding, please ask for clarifications.
